Update integration-tests with info about test configuration overrides (#37291)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/test/integration-tests.md

See [Extend Startup with startup filters](xref:fundamentals/startup#IStartupFilter) which shows how to configure middleware using <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.IStartupFilter>, which is useful when a test requires a custom service or middleware.

## Customize the `WebApplicationFactory` with test configurations

There are various ways to supply test-specific configurations to the running web application via `WebApplicationFactory`.

1. Using `ConfigureHostConfiguration`: override the `CreateHost` method and call `builder.ConfigureHostConfiguration` as follows:

    ```csharp
    private static readonly KeyValuePair<string, string?>[] s_inMemorySettings = new KeyValuePair<string, string?>[]
    {
        new("TestConfigKey", "TestConfigValue"),
    };

    protected override IHost CreateHost(IHostBuilder builder)
    {
        builder.ConfigureHostConfiguration(builder =>
        {
            builder.AddInMemoryCollection(s_inMemorySettings);
        });
        return base.CreateHost(builder);
    }
    ```

>     Using this approach, the configuration source added via `ConfigureHostConfiguration` will be enumerated before the entrypoint is called, and the configurations will be passed to the entrypoint via `args`. The actual configuration source isn't preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using this approach, the configuration source added via `ConfigureHostConfiguration` will be enumerated before the entry point is called, and the configurations will be passed to the entry point via `args`. The actual configuration source isn't preserved.
```
I think we could either say "`TEntryPoint` instance" or "entry point".  Elsewhere we use "entry point" so I will make this consistant.

    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > Make sure you pass `args` to `WebApplication.CreateBuilder` call. Otherwise, the configurations will not take effect.

> 2. Using `ConfigureAppConfiguration`: override the `ConfigureWebHost` method and call `builder.`ConfigureAppConfiguration` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Using `ConfigureAppConfiguration`: override the `ConfigureWebHost` method and call `builder.ConfigureAppConfiguration` as follows:
```
Removed extra backtick.
